Basically, in paper prototype, I have designed all the required functionalities for the mobile application. First of all, there is a welcome screen where user can choose his account type weather he is a student, teacher or employer. Next, the most common and important functionality, where I have drawn the signup and login pages where new user can create his account and after that he can login into the system. 

Then there is home screen (dashboard) from where user can select any option according to his interest and continue with the application. For example, if user want to explore career path option, he clicks on this tab and choose find program/scholarship or find job options to search positions. If user want to search programs and scholarship opportunities, then he has to choose find program/scholarship tab and he will direct to another screen where he needs to add the country and program name. Moreover, he can also add filters in order to find the most relevant position according to his interest across all the world. He can also save his choices in order to review it later. This feature provides him the flexibility. 

Further, there are user profile and gamification screens from where user can see his profile picture, saved choices and other information. He can also edit this information by clicking on the edit button. In addition, he can also view the information about his activities, like in how many events he has participated, how many scholarships or prizes he has received and how many applications are in progress. These features will help him to check the status of his activities and awards.

In the next, there is a community screen, through which user can interact with the real-world individuals in order to get helpful insights regarding his interest. In this application, I tried to develop a powerful community for the user, which is a basic need especially for getting real-life experiences. In this screen, user have two options like if user need support for choosing university and study program then he connects to the teachers and current students/alumni in order to make his decision. He can also share different posts with other people through this platform that will be helpful for others who have same source of interest.

Moreover, there is share hub features which I mistakenly added the screenshot in the community screen screenshot. This feature helps us to get more updated information regarding the scholarships and employment options. This feature provides the flexibility to users to share his knowledge with us and we can enhance the database for others to get benefit from this.

Besides, there is virtual tour screen where user can virtually visit the university or companies related to his interest and also get the map for see the different areas located inside this building. This feature helps the user to get everything from this platform like he does not have to go to YouTube and get the campus or company tour. 
Finally, there are event/workshop screen which will help the user to engage with different universities and industrial events for getting updates regarding several openings and career opportunities. Overall, this is a mobile application where user can interact with multiple features and explore the career paths and can also help the other individuals in order to succeed in their lives.

---------------------------------
Live Link:
https://www.figma.com/proto/dyvzXBsMsIHD8FUoHzkaeo/Career-Guider-Mobile-Application?type=design&node-id=18-192&t=Q92gDauRdUcN9tQv-1&scaling=scale-down&page-id=0%3A1
---------------------------------
